There will be times when the principle of
least privilege cannot be followed as closely as we would like.
I have often encountered applications that will not work
properly without running on the machine as an administrator or root.
You can create a specific account for
this application and grant it the permissions it requires,
while limiting the account to just that machine.
As you gain experience,
you'll see the resolution to edge cases has
a certain familiarity to it in the form of monitoring.
Gather as many real-time logs as possible from this machine,
and set alerts for suspicious behavior.
Finally, you can isolate the machine the application
resides on as much as possible to limit the surface attack area.